United 326 is ready.
Alright, United 326, runway one on the center, line up and wait, sir. The current wind is one seven zero at eight.
We've got two zero, I'm going to have multiple aircraft crossing the runway ahead of you.
One nine center, line up and wait, United 326.
I see four to six with the one turn right heading three two zero.
Three two zero and turn.
United 326, turn right heading two three zero, runway one, nine center, clear for takeoff, heading two thirty.
Three zero, one nine center, clear for takeoff, United 326.
Four to six, fifty one, just confirm, was that two three or three twenty on the heading?
North westbound, three twenty, one to two forty, six fifty one, contact with somebody, have a good one.
Alright, thanks, see you.
United 589, where are you parking?
Charlie nine.
United 589, whiskey two, hold sir, one out of center, stay with me please.
Whiskey two, short one nine center with you, United 589.
United 719, go ahead and check for the runway please.
Hold short of 19 center, United 719.
Thank you sir.
Skywest 3721 at whiskey four, cross runway one out of center, and hold short of taxiway Yankee please.
Cross one nine center, hold short of Yankee on whiskey four, that's 3721.
United 2784 at whiskey two, cross runway one out of center, and hold short of taxiway Yankee six there,
and hold short taxiway Yankee.
So cross the runway, make a left, join Yankee six behind the small left right there.
Clear to cross one nine center, whiskey two, join Yankee six, and hold short of Yankee, United 2784.
Skywest 3721, ground is going to be one two one, one six two, passing the whole short line please.
Skywest six two, get three six clear, one six two, yeah.
And ground, lower tower, United three twenty six is rejected for aircraft on the runway.
United three twenty two, did you get a check out there?
You did clear us for take out sir.
United nine three twenty six, roger.
And American 2784, we stopped, now we're going across now.
United nine three twenty six, go ahead and make a left turn to join Yankee two there,
and back to taxi, taxi, taxi out of Yankee to the runway there.
And yeah, three twenty six roger.
United nine three twenty two, go ahead and make a left turn there, Yankee, how about Yankee three or Yankee two,
which one do you have there?
So we're on Yankee three, we can make that clear, the left turn on Yankee,
and then back up to one nine seven, United three twenty six.
United three twenty six, that is perfectly okay with me, just remain in the tree please.
United three twenty six.
And American 2784, cross the runway there, Yankee six, hold short of Yankee, ground is going to be point six two there.
Yankee six, Yankee at ground point six two, United twenty seven eighty four.
And tower, United three twenty six, do you want us all the way down or hold short?
Go ahead and taxi straight up to the runway there.
Okay, we'll taxi to the runway, United three twenty six.
Go to six eighty one, you want frequency?
Go ahead and taxi up, hold short, United three twenty six, stay with me please.
Hold short, United three twenty six, wind one seven zero at one zero gust one seven,
wind one out of zero nine line up and wait sir.
Sir, we're going to need a minute to reduce the sync to United three twenty six.
United three twenty six, we'll just hold short of Zulu one there, stay with me please.
Okay, hold short of Zulu one, we'll stay with you and we'll notify United three twenty six.
United three twenty six, how much time do you think you'll need before you're ready to go?
We'll need about one more minute, United three twenty six.
Okay good.
United three twenty six, you're ready.
United three twenty six, roger, runway one nine center, line up and wait.
One nine center, line up and wait, United three twenty six.
United three ninety nine, traffic, hold me in position, cross, runway one nine center, and hold short of Zulu.
United three ninety six, you're ready to press west and center short of Zulu.
United three ninety six, United three ninety nine to amend that, hold short of Yankee please.
West one to Yankee, yes three ninety nine.
Sir, southwest is thirty ninety three, zero to one, on one niner.
Southwest, thirty ninety three, zero to niner, runway one on the right, clear the land, wind one seven zero at niner.
Clear the land on one niner, southwest thirty niner three.
United three ninety nine, contact ground one two on point sixty.
One sixty and three zero niner.
United 326, wind 160 at niner, gust 17, turn right heading 230, runway 19 center, cleared for takeoff.
230, 19 center, cleared for takeoff, option added 326.
United 326, contact the coming departures.
United 326, good day.
Good day.
Good day.